-- Bugs Fixed and Ready For Release 
Fixed: Freezing due to SDL_GetTicks bug
Fixed: Talk dialog is always ontop of other windows
Fixed: Infinite weapons available in other single player modes
Fixed: Migrated the game and transient options so version dependancies dont occur
Fixed: Display settings now refered to as game settings
Fixed: No parachutes used or health lost during very small falls
Fixed: Special characters are supported in XML files
Fixed: Some small memory leaks

Changed: Tank can move up and down bigger slopes

Added: Option to set max server players to zero (so no new players can connect)
Added: Allow server password to be set when server running

-- Bugs in current development release
Dvorak keyboard support is broken
The server can start multiple times on the same port (windows only)!
Gun fires at same point for all tanks (ignores turret/gun position in model)
Shot cam does not get LOD correctly

-- Things I am currently looking at
Allow gravity to be set
Allow sound buffer options to be set
Fix crashing when people win
Make AIs even better
Riot Blast
A way to allow tank spawn positions to be configured, bitmap landscapes only?
Custom maps etc can be auto-downloaded from server
Web interface for server to change settings
Allow tank movement up bigger slopes
Add some way of stopping the OptionsGame from being messed up!
Fix parachutes so they dont come on too often (perhaps allow threshold to be set).
A way to set the maximum and minimum players for a map
Add time connected, roundsplayed, weapons.armslevel, fix player connects, add money earned to stats
Lightning, rain and meteors
New surrounds instead of the water
Allow objects other than trees to be used (as models)
More dirt option for landscape (perhaps cannot go under water)
Move resources into landscape definitons file
Make rollers look better
More weapons options as seen in http://scorched3d.sourceforge.net/phpBB2/viewtopic.php?t=875

-- Server Stuff
Chat filter (swear words)
Ban players 

-- Client Stuff
Option to reconnect when disconected from server.
In local mode when it's the next person's turn, re-center the view to where they last had it, and display who's turn it is on the screen.
Ability to re center view around other tanks
keep track of views 
Make a count down sound when timer runs out.
Add option for human players to say stuff when firing/killed

-- Other Stuff
Add the ability to customize the languages (for dialogs etc..) (localisation)
Birds/seaguls
Whales
Teleport (to random position)
Configurable camera views using ctrl-2 etc...
First person style camera mode
Towers can't move
More weapons, always more weapons
Smoke bombs
Bouncing debris
Cloaking device for tanks
Low level cloud or fog
Patriot missile type defense
lasers
plasma blast
different hp / weapons capabilities for different tanks?
guidance systems
fire control
lazy boy

-- Game Play
resignation penalty (there already is, you can't win round!)
communism

-- Graphics Stuff
anti-gravity dirt (doesn't fall) Needed for cavern environment 
New animations for weapons
New landscape surrounds, desert etc...
Some kind of fire out the back of missiles
lightning
Napalm scorches ground

